adb-reverse: add page (#4288)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/adb-reverse.md

# adb reverse

> Android Debug Bridge Reverse: reverse socket connections from an Android emulator instance or connected Android devices.
> More information: <https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/adb>.

> - List all reverse socket connections from emulator/device:

Reviewer: Perhaps this would be more consistent with other existing pages?
```suggestion
- List all reverse socket connections from emulators and devices:
```

`adb reverse --list`

> - Reverse a TCP port from emulator/device to localhost:

Reviewer: Perhaps this would be more consistent with other existing pages?
```suggestion
- Reverse a TCP port from an emulator or device to localhost:
```

`adb reverse tcp:{{remote_port}} tcp:{{local_port}}`

> - Remove a reverse socket connections from emulator/device:

Reviewer: Perhaps this would be more consistent with other existing pages?
```suggestion
- Remove a reverse socket connections from an emulator or device:
```

`adb reverse --remove tcp:{{remote_port}}`

> - Remove all reverse socket connections from emulator/device:

Reviewer: Perhaps this would be more consistent with other existing pages?
```suggestion
- Remove all reverse socket connections from all emulators and devices:
```
